chore(ExpoMessaging): upgrade expo and enable offline support (#2076)
GetStream/stream-chat-react-native: docusaurus/docs/reactnative/basics/offline_support.mdx

with chat even when the network is off. This is an opt-in feature that needs to be explicitly enabled on application
level.

> > Offline support is currently not implemented for Expo package (stream-chat-expo). However, you can get things working via
> the [expo-dev-client](https://docs.expo.dev/development/getting-started/) library and adding [config plugins](https://docs.expo.dev/guides/config-plugins/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Integration with Expo is possible using the [expo-dev-client](https://docs.expo.dev/development/getting-started/) library. Offline support cannot be used in the "Expo Go" app, because [it requires custom native code](https://docs.expo.io/workflow/customizing/).
```

inspired by https://rnfirebase.io/#expo. Also we do not need to implement in stream-chat-expo. That was a bit confusing.
